# Skocko-Game
The object of the game is to hit a combination of 4 characters. There are 6 characters available: diamond, spade, club, heart, smiley (scotch) and star. This game is intended for two players, each of the players assigns a combination that the opponent should guess. Each of the players has 7 attempts as well as a minute available. After reading the instructions on this page, go to the game settings page. On the game settings page, both players enter their name for the game. After that, the first player chooses the combination that the player hits two in the game. After entering 4 characters, after one second the field will be cleared and then player 2 should enter his combination. After entering exactly 4 characters, after one second he will automatically switch to the game side. Pressing the start button at the top of the page will print which player is playing the move as well as his remaining time, after each 4-character attempt, the player playing will be shown how many characters he hit then the time is stopped for 1 second and then the board will adjust for player number 2 automatically. The procedure is repeated until one of the players wins, or until both players use 7 attempts to score, then the outcome of the game is a draw. If player 1 wins, a message will be printed, then the layout of the board will be adjusted to player 2, where the combination he should have guessed will be printed in line 8. The same goes in the opposite direction (that player 2 won).
